Hello fellas,

I have been playing Hearts of Iron IV: Millenium Dawn recently, and decided that the sprites could look more "modern". I therefore decided to retexture them based off of the modern day uniforms that the respective nations wear irl.

Note: If you want to know what I am currently working on/when I update this mod follow my modding page on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/CelsiuZModder/

-- Updated: Febuary 28, 2017, 8:15 AM --
The mod was updated to contain:
Full Ukrainian hround retexture (infantry, tanks, mechanized, motorized)
Full ISIS ground retexture (Infantry, tanks, mechanized, motorized)
Russia retexture (Mechanized, motorized)
UK (Infantry)
Turkey (Infantry)
Brazil (Infantry)
Hungary (Infantry)
Italy (Infantry)

Fixed bugs:
Israel (incorrect specular map applied)
Broken Marine/Mountain meshes (All of them should be fixed, please report if you find any new)

Nations revoked from the mod:
South Korea (Could not fix broken models, will re do the nation for a future update)

The description broke, next update will contain:
Greece
Norway - finished
Finland - finished
Luxembourg - finished
(any other requested nations have been lost when the description broke, feel free to request them agian)
Belgium
Bavaria - Done (soldier, tank, motorized and mechanized)
Confederate States
Florida
Texas
Alaska
Quebec
Canada - new model
Kazakhstan - done
Tjkistan - done
Kyrgistan - done
Mongolia - done
Belarus - done
Cuba - Done (soldier, tank, motoroized and mechanized)


Known bugs:
None atm.

Now includes:
-America (Including all releasable nations (Texas, Florida, Alabama, Alaska etc.)
-Canada (Including Quebec)
-China
-France
-Germany (Full retexture, all ground units) 
-Iraq
-ISIS (Full retexture, all ground units)
-Japan
-Kurdistan
-North Korea
-Poland
-Russia (Full retexture, all ground units)
-Sweden
-Syria
-Ukraine (Full retexture all ground units)
-Israel

What not to ask for:

DO NOT ask me to create new and modern models for the game. I do not have time to learn 3d animation. However, if you want to donate free models to me that are rigged and set up to work with HoI IV, I'll gladly do it.
- I CANNOT afford the Maya 3D modelling program, the monthly fee is 230 dollars or the yearly fee is 1,825. I am a student, I am NOT going to waste money on that software, can't afford it. 


DO NOT ask me to use any of the cold war era assets that are on steam, I cannot verify where they are from or if they're copyright marked. I simply cannot use them.